[Music]
would you take on a moose as a pet if it
meant you never had to charge your cell
phone again I just take on a moose as a
pet without even the bonus of the cell
phone think of all the things you get
from moose
what do you get it's a mobile coat rack
a moves bring me my coat if you could be
any other George which George would you
be George Gershwin Gershwin dead though
bad choice yeah if every time you
sneezed a condiment came out you can
choose the condiment which one would you
want it to be
that's a tough call yeah I mean because
you got to think about what you're gonna
be eating well what your friends are
gonna be wearing what you're wearing it
I mean obviously be a sneeze it's gonna
go everywhere I'd probably go with a
mustard brown no no no just a nice
yellow one a nice yellow must I go old
school I don't mess with that brown you
know and it's gonna come on your nose
might as well be yellow to mustard yet
the money cos amigos tequila the answer
to all of life's ridiculous questions
[Music]
[Applause]